Add instructor note (#132)
carpentries/lesson-development-training: episodes/07-infrastructure.md

TODO insert screenshot of repository structure here

::: instructor

> Remind learner to paste URL of their lesson repo to the collaborative document.

Reviewer: Do you think it would be a good idea to also ask them to share the URL of the rendered lesson pages, as well as the repository?

Author: Yes, good point I'll add that.

Author: That is ready now. Can you check again?

> Remind learner to paste URL of their lesson repo to the collaborative document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remind learners to paste URL of their lesson repository to the collaborative document.
```
